docs(storybook): docs cleanup (#6495)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: 2nd-gen/packages/swc/.storybook/guides/accessibility-guides/wave_toolbar_testing.mdx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Contrast** tab lets you set **foreground** and **background** colors (including with the color picker), read the **contrast ratio**, and see whether **WCAG AA/AAA** passes or fails for normal or large text. WAVE also notes that **gradients**, **filters**, and **transparency** may need **manual** checks with the eyedropper or other tools.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Desaturate page** renders the page in **grayscale** to reduce reliance on **hue** when checking hierarchy and meaning. It can surface cases where information or structure depends too much on color. It is **not** a full simulation of all types of color vision deficiency. Dedicated **color blindness** browser extensions can simulate **specific** conditions (for example, protanopia, deuteranopia) in more detail.
```

> This guide explains how to use the [WAVE (Web Accessibility Evaluation Tool) browser extension](https://wave.webaim.org/extension/) to test accessibility in the browser, with a focus on **headings** and **landmarks** in the page outline. It pairs with [Headings and landmarks](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-headings-and-landmarks--docs) for W3C WAI principles, **landmark** and **heading** structure, how screen readers navigate by both, and Spectrum Web Components patterns—here you learn **where** in WAVE to see the outline and **how** to run a report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide explains how to use the [WAVE (Web Accessibility Evaluation Tool) browser extension](https://wave.webaim.org/extension/) to test accessibility in the browser, with a focus on **headings** and **landmarks** in the page outline. You'll learn **where** in WAVE to see the outline and **how** to run a report. It pairs with our [Headings and landmarks](/docs/guides-accessibility-guides-headings-and-landmarks--docs) guide, which covers W3C WAI principles, **landmark** and **heading** structure, screen reader navigation, and Spectrum Web Components patterns.
```

## Run a WAVE report

1. Navigate to the page you want to test (for example, a Storybook page or your app).

> 2. Click the **WAVE** icon in the browser toolbar, or use the shortcut <kbd>Control</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>U</kbd> (Windows/Linux) or <kbd>Command</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>U</kbd> (macOS). You can also use the context menu **WAVE this page** where available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click the **WAVE** icon in the browser toolbar, or use the shortcut <kbd>Control</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>U</kbd> (Windows/Linux) or <kbd>Command</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>U</kbd> (macOS). You can also use the **WAVE this page** in the context menu, where available.
```

## Run a WAVE report

> 1. Navigate to the page you want to test (for example, a Storybook page or your app)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the page you want to test (for example, a Storybook page or your app).
```

> 2. Click the **WAVE** icon in the browser toolbar, or use the shortcut <kbd>Control</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>U</kbd> (Windows/Linux) or <kbd>Command</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>U</kbd> (macOS). You can also use the context menu **WAVE this page** where available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click the **WAVE** icon in the browser toolbar, or use the shortcut <kbd>Control</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>U</kbd> (Windows/Linux) or <kbd>Command</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>U</kbd> (macOS). You can also use the context menu **WAVE this page** where available.
```

> 3. The WAVE panel opens (often on the left). Use the tabs at the top to switch views. Click the WAVE icon again or refresh the page to close WAVE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The WAVE panel opens (often on the left). Use the tabs at the top to switch views. To close WAVE, click the WAVE icon again or refresh the page.
```

    style={waveToolbarGuideImageStyle}
  />
  <figcaption>
    WAVE **Order** tab: styles off, numbered arrows show tab order across links
    and controls on a web page
  </figcaption>
</figure>

> Use it to check that users who move with <kbd>Tab</kbd> and users who follow the **announced order** in a screen reader get a sequence that matches your design. It does not replace keyboard testing, but it highlights mismatches between DOM order and layout.

Reviewer: ```
Use it to check whether users who move with <kbd>Tab</kbd> and users who follow the **announced order** in a screen reader get a sequence that matches your design. It does not replace keyboard testing, but it does highlight mismatches between DOM order and layout.
```
